---
layout: posts
title: "Books for reading during the endtimes."
---

I am a big fan of YouTuber [Ali Abdaal](https://www.youtube.com/user/Sepharoth64), and he tweeted a brief clip commenting that one of his biggest regrets in life was not starting a blog where he could post notes on the books he was reading. I figured since I already have a website I would start doing this myself especially since I read exclusievly nonfiction, and I often am reading a book because I hope to learn something. I will post my "notes" on my webpage from time to time and maybe someone will find them useful. At the very least I will look back at them myself.

So far in 2020 I have read six books and I thought I would give some short commentary. I will make separate blog posts about The Blank Slate, The Intelligent Investor, and The Vital Question.

First book of 2020 was Superconductivity: A Very Short Introduction by Stephen J. Blundell. I found this book very accessible and enjoyable. He focuses a lot on the history of Superconductors and the scientists involved. He goes into some detail about how they work, and the differences between Type 1 and 2 superconductors, but at no point does he get lost in the QM involved like U(1) violation etc. I think any who enjoys science reading would like this book. 7.5/10.

Type 1 superconductors will not form a vortex state, but a type 2 will. 


Second book was Birth of a Theorem by Cedric Villani. Cedric Villani won a Fields Medal in 2010, and this book tracks the journey from the beginning to the end. It's written in a somewhat strange way where the story is pieced together from Cedric's journal/diary. It gives a unique perspective where you get some insight into the mind of a true giant in the field of Mathematics. I reading I felt inspired to continue studying physics and math both as a career and as a passion.

The third book was The Blank Slate by Stven Pinker. I will make a seperate blog piece specifically for this.

The fourth book was Rich Dad, Poor dad. It was okay I guess. I think the whole book can be summarized into a couple sentences. If you want to be wealthy you need to spend your money on assets until your investments are generating enough revenue that you can afford the nice things you want. I think that may not be the best way to live your life personally, but the idea isn't completely illogical.

I will make a seperate blog post for The Intelligent Investor by Benjamin Graham.

The last book for spring-summer 2020 is The Vital Question by Nick Lang. I will also make a seperate post for this.
